Deploy (#64)
moonshotcollective/scaffold-directory: README.md

## Firebase Setup (optional)

> If you want to use Firebase (firestore) for data storage, you'll need to create a Firebase project and download the service account key configuration. You can generate and download the file at <https://console.cloud.google.com/>, under IAM & Admin > Service Accounts > Keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Firebase (firestore) for data storage, you'll need to create a Firebase project and download the service account key configuration. You can generate and download the service account file at <https://console.cloud.google.com/> by 1.) select your Firebase project, 2.) go to IAM & Admin > Service Accounts, 3.) create a service account or click one that is already created, 4.) go to keys of that account, and 5.) Add Key > Create key and select a JSON key type.
```

> Then you will have to create a `.env` file in `packages/backend/` with `DATABASE_SERVICE=firebase` the path to the service account on `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` (see a sample here `packages/backend/.env.sample`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you will have to create a `.env` file in `packages/backend/` with `DATABASE_SERVICE=firebase` and add the full path to the service account file in `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` (see a sample here `packages/backend/.env.sample`).
```
